Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- You made it.
- I did.
- Hey.
- Good to see you.
- You too.
Erin. Alex.
Alex. this is Erin.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Looking good out there. girl.
Yeah. I know.
Uh. I'm gonna...
I'm gonna grab a beer.
Did... did you want anything.
can I...?
I don't drink.
Well. how about a Coke?
They're free for me.
Save your $5.
- You got it.
- I'll take a...
Uh... okay.
Hello. did you hear me?
I got my final mark
on that major paper I wrote
on Paradise Regained.
which I have now read
for the third time by the way.
The fucking instructor
says that
my interpretation of Milton
doesn't fully explain
his continuing role
in Western literature.
Dick.
- What was your grade?
- A fucking minus.
Oh. did she show. Erin?
What. does everybody
know this girl but me?
Uh. no. I barely know her.
She was in our
Philosophy of Literature class
with me and Zack.
and I think
he kind of asked her out.
Kind of?
Well. I think he thinks he did.
So. he's into her?
Uh. well. she's a female.
so yeah.
Is she into him?
- Hey. Jules.
- Oh. hey. how are you?
Oh. she's devastated.
she got an A minus on a paper.
Oh. buddy.
Oh. shut it.
You know.
I think I wanna go dance.
Is there anybody
I can convince to join me?
- Zack. let's go.
- Absolutely.
Oh. yeah. go show me your moves.
Yes. ma'am.
You sure I can't tempt you?
Uh. no.
I mean. the table.
I should watch the table.
I... I don't want someone
to take it.
No. we wouldn't want that.
Hey. baby. what's going on?
Ow.
Oh. you're a little feisty.
all right.
Okay.
What. it's just a little dance.
- I'm a good dancer.
- Ugh. no. you're not.
Hey.
How's the table?
Fine. I just wanted to
make sure you're okay.
Oh. yeah. just perils
of the dance floor.
Did you come to dance with me?
Uh. no. I don't think
I can keep up.
I just... just wanted to
check you're okay. that's all.
Well. you did. and I am.
Okay.
And now I need to be making sure
that you're okay.
Jeez.
Thank you.
Hey. uh. have a good night.
see you later.
Uh. wait.
- What's up?
- Um. do you wanna
share a cab or something?
I live pretty close.
so I won't be catching a cab.
Um. do you wanna
share a sidewalk?
Oh. shit.
Ah. for fuck's sake!
This is fucked.
- Good morning. sunshine.
- Julia.
what the fuck?
Don't take that tone with me.
Beach. let's go.
Dude. you literally
just woke me up.
I am not ready for the beach.
and it is really early
for your cleavage.
First off. it is not my fault
that you slept in.
and secondly. it's never
too early for my cleavage.
Let's go.
God. I am so glad I went from
a comfortable
laying-down position
to an uncomfortable
laying-down position.
Okay.
Try to think of it
as full-body exfoliation.
But. I'm more thinking
of it as a sunburn.
and sand in my crack.
Are you ever happy
about anything?
Hardly ever.
Room for one more?
- Oh. hi.
- Hi.
Yeah. sure.
I didn't know
you were joining us.
- Is that all right?
- Absolutely.
Of course.
Zack likes you.
so you're stuck with us.
Could be worse.
I think I'm gonna go for a dip.
Be right back.
So. is she just.
like. our friend now?
I don't know. why?
You don't like her?
No. I...
I don't know her.
I mean. she seems nice.
She's polite.
and friendly. and...
Alex. you don't
have to convince me.
I don't care if you like her.
I didn't say I didn't like her.
Mhm.
- Oh.
- Oh. thank you.
Oh. no. I'm good. thank you.
It's for me.
If you don't mind?
- Please?
- Oh. yeah.
Yeah.
Oh. okay. well let's just
cover all the bases.
No. none of us are into Zack.
He's like
an annoying younger brother.
- Hm.
- But. you know.
wouldn't be life without him.
though. don't tell him
- I said that.
- Lips are sealed.
So. is he not your type. or...?
I don't know. I haven't
really thought about it.
What is your type?
Confident. attractive. smart.
How about you?
You. generally.
What?
Oh. I mean.
same... same as... as you.
Same as you said just...
Oh. my God. are you okay?
Yeah.
- You're bleeding.
- Yeah.
- Come on.
- No. that's okay.
- Let me take care of it.
- It's totally fine.
It's... yeah.
Ow.
Have a seat.
Wow. this is
a real happening place. huh?
We're closed on Sundays.
Have you worked here
for a long time?
Uh. yeah.
we've had it for a while.
- We?
- My family owns it.
Guess I kind of own it.
Oh.
Wow.
Yeah. my dad has this habit
of buying businesses.
and he kind of left me
in charge of this one.
so.
Hey. that must be nice.
Oh. I... well I didn't... I...
I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
I just meant it must be nice.
Yeah.
Yeah. it's as nice as
material things can be I guess.
What do you mean?
I mean that my dad
doesn't really get
the whole feelings thing.
so he uses his money instead.
But hey. it's not like I'm just
some complacent manager.
I do actually work. you know.
Okay.
I mean. I wasn't
suggesting that you were.
I think it's very cool
that you're the boss.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
How about you.
what's your story?
Uh. it was just
me and my mom growing up.
She worked a lot.
but she got the feelings thing.
- Mhm.
- Sounds like you and me
had completely opposite
childhoods.
You know. he's not all bad.
- Who. you're dad?
- Yeah.
I'm not judging.
Just laid my entire
life story out on you.
Sorry about that.
I guess that you're just sort of
easy to talk to.
How about you.
what happened to your dad?
Uh. he left when I was 4.
I didn't really know him.
According to my mom.
that's a good thing.
You see your mom a lot?
Uh. no.
No. she. uh...
she died.
I'm sorry.
Oh. it's okay.
I mean. it's not okay.
but I'm fine.
There's this. uh...
There's this spot
down by the beach
that I like to go to.
It reminds me of her.
Let me see your arm.
I think you got
some gravel in it or something.
Yeah.
It's okay. though.
just throw a Band-Aid on there
or something.
- I'll be gentle.
- Okay.
Are you ready?
I don't know.
That probably hurts.
All good.
- Can you. um...?
- Oh.
Does it feel better?
Yeah.
So. did I tell you
about my movie idea?
- No.
- Yeah. I mean. so I'm writing
this movie. and it's you and me
are the leads.
and I play a character
named Robin Banks. okay?
No. but wait.
you're Greta Waycar.
- You're dumb.
- No. it's genius.
- Hey.
- Hey. Al.
- Where's Erin?
- Ah. she had to work
or something.
Aw. I got her a Coke.
Before you say anything.
it wasn't you.
I didn't scare her away?
- No. Zack.
- Thank God.
But. like.
what'd she say about me?
- Oh. my God. get over yourself.
- What?
I need to know.
I don't know. nothing.
Nothing?
At all?
Really?
No. no. I mean.
you're a good guy or whatever.
Just keep doing that.
I don't know about that.
Good guys finish last.
Unless that's what she likes.
I don't know what she likes.
If you wanna ask her out.
just ask her out.
and if she says. "No."
then you have your answer.
Yeah. true.
Aw. Zackary.
do you need me
to ask her out for you?
No. I do not.
It's just. you know.
if I ask her out
and she says. "No."
then she's not gonna
wanna hang with us anymore.
I kinda like her
hanging with us.
Good point.
What. what. it's a good point.
I mean. she's nice.
It's nice to make
new friends who are nice.
Why do you need new friends?
Aw. Jule. you need to
go to jelly school.
Ew!
Never touch me like that again.
I'll never touch you
like that again.
So. Al. can you
talk me up to her?
Please. can you talk about
literally anything else?
I don't know.
what makes you think that
she would listen to me.
or that we even talk?
I figured you guys became pals.
Well. I mean. she's...
Nice.
- What time's happy hour?
- Oh. shit.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
No. it's okay... oh!
- Oh. my God. okay.
- Okay.
Ah. right.
Uh.
Okay.
- Are you okay?
- Uh. yes.
- Yes. hi.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- I'm good. I'm good.
I. um. came by to see
if you're coming out...
uh. to the club.
after your shift.
I mean. do you want to come out
to the club to dance?
Right. right. um.
I'm off work pretty late. so.
Okay.
Well. I mean.
that was more of
a for-your-information
than... than a no.
Okay. so it's a yes then.
Uh. it's a maybe.
Probably.
I mean. I was
in the neighborhood.
That's why I'm here.
'cause Julia told me
that you worked here.
and I was passing by.
- and so I...
- Right. um.
well it's really nice
to see you. though.
Thank you.
Okay. so I guess I'll maybe.
probably see you later?
- Yeah.
- Maybe. probably.
Yes. um.
Thanks for
stopping by.
You got it.
Hey. before I forget.
do you have a pen?
Uh. yeah. I think I do. sure.
In case you need me
for anything.
I'll see you later.
Uh. see you later.
Okay.
You look good.
You look fine.
you're totally overthinking this
'cause nothing's happening.
Oh. God. what if
something is happening?
Hey. what are we looking at?
A very happy Zack.
Oh. yeah. is he making friends?
Well.
I have to go.
- Uh.
- Yeah. sorry.
Okay.
Alex.
Alex. wait.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I don't usually drink.
and I was dancing.
- and I...
- You don't owe me anything.
I just don't want you to think
I was doing it to hurt you
or something.
I don't know what you mean.
- I'm just nervous.
- Nervous?
About what?
You make me nervous.
Erin. where are you going?
I'm all sweaty.
I'm going for a swim.
I thought I was
walking you home.
not brushing up on my CPR.
So. come in with me then.
That doesn't make any sense.
Are you coming?
Hey. there you are.
I was looking for you.
Thought you left.
No. I'm right here.
Did you wanna get dressed?
I mean. I can wait.
Are you sleeping
with me tonight?
Uh.
I just meant 'cause my bed's
more comfortable
than the couch. so.
Oh. right.
No. cool. um.
No. I was just gonna
head home soon.
Okay.
Sure.
Wait. I'm sorry.
Oh. my God. I am so sorry.
Oh. my God.
It's okay.
Hey. it's okay.
Um. listen.
I... I...
I don't know what's happening.
and I don't wanna
misread anything.
I don't think that
you're misreading anything.
Will you look at me. please?
Do you want me?
Yes.
Erin?
Shit.
Alex. what are you doing here?
Oh. well you weren't there
when I woke up. so.
I was. uh...
I needed to get to work.
Right. I...
Uh. could we...?
Sure.
What's up... ah.
Okay. um.
can we talk about
what happened last night?
- No.
- What. are you serious?
Yeah. something happened.
I don't know what. and I...
You... you don't... you don't know...
- Erin. we slept together.
- Okay. can you please
keep your voice down.
because we are at
my work right now?
- So. uh...
- It's not fricking illegal.
- I mean...
- Okay. I need you to
forget about this.
What? No. no.
No. Erin. it was amazing.
and you were right there with me
and I know that
you felt the same way.
- Stop.
- You came on to me.
- I wasn't gonna do anything.
- Please. I need you to
fucking stop. I need you to
fucking stop. Alex!
Can you please fucking stop?
Can you please go?
I need you to go. please.
- Hey. Jule.
- Hey. you.
- What's up?
- How are you?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Great. but how are you actually?
- What do you mean?
- Don't play dumb.
you completely bailed
last night.
- Where'd you go?
- Yeah. sorry.
Well. don't be sorry.
just tell me
what's going on with you.
Hello?
Can you just trust that
I'll tell you when I'm ready?
Okay.
Should I be worried?
No.
Okay.
Come for a drink tonight?
Uh. yeah. sure.
I mean.
I'll meet you down there.
Cool. see you soon. pal.
Fuck.
Where have you have been?
You almost missed happy hour.
I'm sorry.
Anyway. so as I was saying.
I was on a date with this dude.
and he asks me
what I like to do for fun.
I hate that question.
So. I start telling him about
this book that I'm reading.
Alex. have I told you
about this. book guy?
Uh. yeah. sure. I think...
I think so.
Anyway.
so I'm telling him
about this book.
and he gets this look
on his face.
like either he's never heard
the word "book" before.
or the idea of a woman reading
is way too much for
his tiny brain to comprehend.
I really don't get it. I mean.
guys say that they want a girl
that's smart and interesting.
but I mean.
really they actually don't.
- Right?
- Yeah.
Hey. how's the weather
where you are?
- What?
- Where are you right now?
Uh. I think
I'm gonna get a drink.
Actually. you know. I should go.
I have this thing
that I gotta do.
Uhh. like what?
It's Friday night
during the summer.
What do you have to do?
Early inventory.
Like you've never
done inventory hungover.
Erin. please explain to her
why she needs to stop pretending
to be so responsible.
You really gotta stop it.
Okay.
Alex!
Alex. what the hell?
I just can't.
Hey. Al.
All right.
What's wrong with her?
- I don't know.
- Are you sure?
Yeah. Julia.
I don't even know her.
- I don't believe you.
- Hey.
What the fuck was that about?
I have no idea.
- I should go after her.
- No.
Stop mothering her. okay?
Storming off like that.
she needs some time alone.
She went to the beach. just...
she'll be fine.
You know. I think
I'm gonna head out.
Honestly.
I wouldn't worry about her.
She seems like
a really tough girl.
I'm sure
she's gonna be fine. so.
- Erin.
- Hm?
Alex has been through
a lot of shit.
If she is messed up
in something. please tell me.
Yeah. honestly. I'm sorry.
but I don't know.
Jule. why would
she know anything?
Well. have a good night. guys.
Alex.
No. you don't get to come here
and look at me like that.
I didn't mean to hurt you.
I'm sorry.
I don't understand.
We didn't do anything wrong.
You're acting like we've
done this terrible thing.
Are you in a relationship
or something?
You don't get it. do you?
No. I don't get it.
I need you to explain it to me.
I fucking can't.
Did you like it?
You had fun with me?
Yes.
And you like me?
Do we really have to
talk about it all night?
What are you so scared
of talking about?
Are you scared
of the way you feel?
Do we really have to do this?
- Are you scared of being gay?
- Okay. shut the fuck up.
I'm not fucking scared.
You're just wrong.
I need to go.
- Wrong?
- Yeah. you're just
fucking wrong. Alex!
I'm leaving.
Erin!
Hey.
It's Erin.
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
That's seriously what you wanna
say to me right now?
Alex. what the fuck is going on?
Just having a drink.
You won't answer my calls
and you won't talk to me.
What's happening here. Al?
You're the one with straight As.
I'm sure you can figure it out.
Why are you being a smart ass?
Look. I just came here
to have a drink. okay. alone.
You don't get to come here
and start yelling at me.
Besides.
no one else
wants to fucking talk.
- so why the fuck should I?
- Because there's obviously
something going on.
- So?
- So. I'm your best friend
and I wanna help you.
Yeah. I bet you do.
- Alex.
- I bet you wanna dance in here.
looking all pretty.
and fuck everything up.
and then pretend like
nothing ever happened.
- What the fuck...?
- Well. it did happen!
- It happened!
- What happened?
Leave me alone. don't touch me!
You know what. Alex?
Fuck you.
You know I just wanna help.
Sorry. I can't offer you
anything fun to drink.
That's okay.
Are you all right?
You sounded kind of upset
on the phone.
I didn't invite you
over here to talk.
I am so done talking.
Okay.
Sorry. I thought
that was my cue.
Are you saying. "No"?
No.
Uh.
Just... just wait a minute.
Just a sec.
Okay. so you're saying. "Yes"?
I'm saying. "Just fuck me."
Jesus. I'm coming.
I'm sorry.
I'm an asshole.
None of that was meant for you.
Don't ever speak to me
like that again.
Just the whiskey.
I'm serious.
I know. I know.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean any of it.
What am I going to do with you?
Fix my broken heart.
- What?
- Why do you have a broken heart?
- Why do you have...?
Alex.
Okay.
Okay. so I am very drunk.
so I think I'm gonna
tell you something right now
that sober Alex
definitely wouldn't tell you
because sober Alex
is scared shitless.
Well. drunk Alex
and sober Alex need to start
trusting their best friend.
They do... I mean. I... I do.
It's nothing to do with
not trusting you.
Then. what is it about?
- I think I need a cigarette.
- Uh. no.
Speak.
You love me. right?
Like...
Like no matter what?
Of course I love you. you idiot.
Nothing you can say
will change that.
Dude. I will help you
bury the body.
I will destroy the evidence.
It honestly can't be that bad.
Whatever it is. man.
it's me.
I'm gay.
Well. I mean. you weren't
hiding that very well.
I'm in love. too.
I'm sorry you were so scared
to tell me that.
I'm so sorry it took me
so long to tell you.
No.
You told me when you were ready.
So. Romeo.
who's the lucky lady?
Are you okay?
- Erin.
- I'm fine.
- If you wanna talk about...
- I don't.
Okay.
just consider this a freebie.
You're off the hook.
What?
Look. I know I may seem
like I'm that kind of guy.
but I'm not that kind of guy.
- Erin.
- Look. Zack.
it doesn't really matter
what kind of guy you are. okay?
Fuck. why is it that when a guy
wants to have casual sex.
it's totally fine.
and when a girl wants to.
there must be a fucking problem.
I never said
there was a problem.
You just seemed upset.
Sorry.
Look. I know
we may have done things
a little backwards here.
but I like you.
- I'd like to...
- No.
- What?
- Whatever you'd like to do
is a fucking terrible idea.
Taking you on a date's
a terrible idea?
- Oh. yeah.
- Why?
Just. fuck. I'm giving you
an easy out here.
I'm not looking for an easy out.
This was just a distraction.
Okay?
This isn't gonna
turn into a whirlwind romance.
It's just sex.
Jesus.
Well.
that's why I don't do this.
Goodnight. Erin.
This is Alex. leave me one.
Alex.
I'm so sorry.
- What happened?
- Ugh. whoa.
Are you gay.
or was that a dream?
Gay.
Not a dream.
Okay.
Cool.
Ugh.
I need a shower.
Mhm.
You stink like a dirty bar.
Yeah.
Probably 'cause
I was at a dirty bar.
Mhm.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I will be.
I love you very. very much.
I have to pee very. very much.
I am so hungover.
It's your own fault.
Erin!
Alex. what are you doing here?
Nice.
- Wait.
- No. you made it quite clear
that you don't want me
to do that.
Why did you call me last night?
Were you...
Were you apologizing
for fucking someone?
I don't know.
I don't know why I called you.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
Look. I don't know
what I'm doing.
Okay?
I don't know what this means.
Okay.
I know what it means. okay?
Great. so I'm just
supposed to pretend
like this is normal.
I don't know. Erin.
But I mean.
you should have
some fucking idea
of what you're doing.
Do you give a shit
about me at all?
Yes. Yes.
Okay.
Then how could you have sex
with someone else?
Look. I was just trying to...
I needed to figure out
whether I...
Yeah. okay.
I know what you needed.
Hope you feel better.
It's not like it was
just someone random. Alex.
My God. Making the rounds. huh?
No. wait. Alex...
You know what?
Don't touch me ever again.
And for the record. you can't
fuck yourself straight.
She fucked Zack!
Why the fuck do you care
that I was with Erin?
Alex!
Alex. what the fuck?
You fucked her and she let you
because she's scared!
What the fuck
are you talking about?
I'm in love with her. Zack!
Alex. I didn't... I didn't know.
Yeah. well now you do.
Can I help you?
What are you doing?
What does it look like
I'm doing?
Erin...
Kiss me.
No. No. no. No.
No.
No. I can't wake up
in the morning again
and have you not be there.
I can't be this mistake
that you keep making.
Look. I don't know how to be
with you for real. Alex. so...
You just be with me. Erin.
There's nothing in the way.
I'm all yours.
Yeah.
What am I supposed
to do with that. hm?
I don't know
what to do with that.
And what does that
even mean. Alex?
You don't know
what my life is like.
Okay. so tell me.
Yeah. I fucking can't.
Yeah. so... so that's just it?
God.
You're so fucking void
of emotion
that you can't even see love
when it's staring you
in the face.
God. your dad really did
fuck you up. huh?
Oh!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. I mean. at least
you're feeling something.
Look. I...
Before I met you. I...
I would never have thought
that this would be me. okay?
And I don't know how to...
I don't know
how to process this.
I don't even know
how to begin to process this.
Okay. well.
let's process it together.
I mean. you're not alone
in this.
Julia knows. Zack knows. God.
I mean. who gives a fuck
what anybody else thinks?
You told them?
Yeah. I needed to talk about it.
Okay. Erin.
I know that you're scared.
I know that this...
that this derailed you a bit
and it took you by surprise.
but you can't pretend
like this doesn't exist.
Hmm. I. uh. I wish
that you'd met somebody else
that night on the dance floor
and I wish that she could
give you what you need
because I can't.
That's how you feel?
You wish you'd never met me?
Say something!
Fine.
Fine. uh. right.
you want me to forget.
Sure. let's forget.
let's put it all behind us.
one big fucked up mistake.
I can't believe you told them.
Yeah. well. I had to!
I can't just bury this
like you can!
God. it's like...
It's like you... you're living
in this fantasy land
where you think you can fuck
whoever you want
and not have to worry
about the consequences.
It's like you don't think
any of this is real.
Huh.
Whether we talk about it or not.
and whether people
know about it or not.
the way that you're feeling
is fucking real. Erin.
it's real!
That's the part that scares me.
Alex.
It's my feelings.
Okay. how am I supposed
to just one day decide
that I like women?
It wasn't a decision. Erin.
It was a realization.
It's always been there.
You've just been hiding
this part of yourself
for so long.
Erin. this is... this is
who you are.
This is who you've always been
before you ever even met me.
No.
Look. I'm here. okay?
I'm here.
We can do all of this together.
Just... just let me love you.
Sorry. but this just isn't me.
Please. Erin.
No. this isn't me.
- No. come here.
- Don't touch me.
I'm sorry I came here today.
Do you love me?
Yeah. it doesn't fucking matter.
does it?
I come in peace.
How's your face?
You punched it. It hurts.
Oh. uh. this is my cue.
Don't fucking wreck the place.
I'm really sorry.
I was just so mad.
Yeah. I got that part.
You didn't deserve that. though.
You're right.
I didn't.
I'm also sorry because I know
that you were into her first.
I don't think
our feelings compare.
I had no idea.
You know that. right?
Yeah. Of course.
Of course I know that.
It was just one of those things.
It was late. We were drunk.
- She told me to...
- Okay.
No. I don't need
any of those details.
My imagination is on overdrive
as it is.
Sorry.
If it makes you feel any better.
I don't think I rocked her world
or anything.
It doesn't make me feel
any better.
Are you okay?
No.
I'm not.
We're closed.
So...
Riddle me this.
I've now found
both of you separately
in your respective places
at work
getting drunk alone
over each other.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Okay.
If we're gonna get drunk
in a cafe.
let's have some class. shall we?
To Alex.
So let's have a chat.
I can wait all day.
You don't fucking get it.
Okay. do you have any idea
what my father would say?
Or even worse.
what he would think?
I couldn't be affectionate
with her in public.
People would be looking at us
and making comments.
I don't know
how to make this work. Jules.
And I don't know how to love her
without hurting her.
I didn't realize
that the entire world
had such a big influence
on who you love.
I'm sorry. Jules.
I know what
I've put her through.
but I just... I just can't
fucking do it.
- I can't.
- Then let her go.
How's Zack?
Which part?
His feelings. his ego.
or his nose?
His nose?
Oh. God. did Alex...
Fuck. I'm such
a fucking asshole.
Yeah. I mean.
you could've worked out
your internalized homophobia
literally any other way.
Jules...
Listen...
I know you're going through
a lot of shit right now.
but try not to drag
the people you care about
through the shit with you.
I'm sorry.
I know two other people
who deserve that
much more than I do right now.
I'll see you at school. okay?
No. it was seriously inside
the lettuce bag.
Sorry. I'm sorry. what?
Yeah. no. I'm serious.
You ever think they're gonna
close this place down?
No. Julia. That's blasphemy.
Well. seriously.
you can't work here forever.
What are you gonna do
when you graduate?
Oh. I need to graduate first.
Pardon me?
I have this killer stats class.
I don't think
I'm gonna survive it.
Ooh. I have a friend.
I'm so proud of you.
Shut up.
No. she's a science major.
She TAs a lot and loves stats.
I'll ask her to tutor you.
That makes me sound
like a real winner.
Alex. it's okay to ask for help
when you don't understand
something.
Help.
Ugh.
Let her do what she's gonna do.
She's gonna walk into my bar
with some dude.
It's not your problem.
Well...
I never thought I'd say this.
but I think I should go study
before I get too drunk.
Music to my ears.
Funny.
- I'll see you later.
- Bye.
Hi.
What are you doing?
Um. saying hi.
In Alex's bar with a guy?
He's my boyfriend.
Super.
Just trying to move on
with my life. Julia.
Wouldn't it be interesting
if instead of moving on
with your life.
you actually just lived it?
I just came to say hi.
I'm not looking for a lecture.
Have you talked to somebody?
Like a counselor?
Okay. I'm gonna go get back
to my date.
Oh. he's your date now.
I thought he was your boyfriend.
Yeah. um. well. he's...
A man.
Which is the only part
that actually matters. right?
Listen. just talk to somebody.
This is not your life.
It's not who you are.
Hey. are you Alex?
Uh. yeah.
Billie.
- Hi.
Julia texted me and told me
to meet you in the library.
She said that you needed
a tutor.
And you have no idea
what I'm talking about.
Ah. no. yes. I do. I do.
God. she acts fast.
- What do you mean?
- Nothing.
Yes. please.
Uh. save me from the numbers.
Okay. so where are you at?
Well. I'm somewhere between
I have no idea what I'm doing
and I want to quit school.
Okay. look.
I find it easier
to write out the whole formula.
Does that make sense?
Uh. yeah.
Yeah. I think... I think it does.
I'm sorry. I made a mistake.
Wait. Why do you think
you've made a mistake?
I... I...
Just come in and listen.
meet some people.
I wouldn't know what to say.
You don't have to say anything.
You can even sit in the back
if you want to.
It's at your own pace.
and there's free coffee.
I don't have to say anything?
Nothing.
- Just listen?
- Mm-hm.
Okay.
Um...
Did you...
Did you want
to get a drink with me?
Right now?
- Is that okay?
- Yeah.
Actually. I know
the perfect place.
Hello?
Billie?
Sorry. I was getting us
refreshments.
This place is crazy.
I know. it's pretty great.
right?
- Do you work here?
- No.
I just live in the basement
waiting for my Christine.
Not a theater person?
Oh. no. not at all.
Phantom of the Opera?
Oh. I know that one.
- So. did we just break in?
- Technically. yes.
but I have a key.
so they can't prove anything.
I'm friends with the manager.
He owed me a beer.
What about you?
Tell me all about Alex.
- What are your aspirations?
- Business school.
- That's sexy.
- Thank you.
Um. I want to start
my own business.
- Ooh. that's ambitious.
- Yeah. I mean. I work
at this little dive bar
across town
and we have regulars
and everybody knows
everybody else.
and it's just this. you know.
chill. safe place
for people to hang out
and. I don't know.
I just want to create
something like that.
Like a dyke bar.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Have you never heard
the word "dyke" before?
I mean. not in that context.
What? Where have you been?
Uh. in the closet.
Oh. Alex.
Have you never been
to a gay bar?
I have not.
Okay. it is official.
I am now your tutor in stats
and in being gay.
And I have a confession to make.
- It's okay.
- You don't even know
what I was gonna say.
That Julia purposefully asked
her lesbian friend
who happens to be good at stats
to tutor me
in hopes of us hitting it off.
So. did we?
Well. I followed you
into a deserted theater.
so. uh. I would say yes.
Do you want to follow me
somewhere else?
How was that for you?
- Overwhelming.
- That's okay.
Do you think you might
want to come back?
Possibly.
Are you a one-word woman?
I don't know.
I just never really...
That's okay.
It's baby steps.
You can sit at the back
as long as you like.
I mean. you can even sit
on the floor
if you really want to.
How do you know when to...
I think there just comes a point
where it's harder to not say it
than to say it.
I don't even know
how to say it to myself.
Well. then that's
a really good place to start
because the only person
who really matters
in all of this is you.
So you've never
been here before?
No. No. I didn't know
this place existed.
Or that there were
other lesbians in town.
Oh. honey. you just wait.
Hey.
You don't have to hide anymore.
Thank you for not pushing me.
We're all here
for whenever you're ready
to find your voice.
I know it's in there.
Trust it.
- I'm really scared.
- And that's okay.
That probably won't go away
anytime soon.
But I promise that when you do
find those words.
everything will change.
You know. I appreciate
the respect.
but you can touch me.
- You are so cute.
- I'm nervous.
We don't have to do anything
you don't want to do.
No. I'm good.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- So. you have fun. then?
- Yes!
Oh my God. I want to go there
every week.
It was incredible.
- It felt so...
- Free?
Yes!
Like nobody cared
what you were doing
- or who you were doing it with.
- Yeah. it's called
being inclusive
and non-judgmental.
Right. yeah. guess I haven't
really experienced
all that much of that.
Ugh. that makes me really sad.
But it's probably because
you've only ever been
to straight clubs
and you can't be yourself.
Anyway. this is me.
Oh. well. thanks.
I had a really good time
tonight.
Good.
We should do this again
sometime.
Do you want to come up?
Like to your apartment?
Like to my bedroom?
Oh.
What happens next?
Whatever you want.
So. what's going on?
Sorry.
I just...
I needed to talk to you
and I wanted to do it alone
without your backup.
so thanks for coming over.
You know.
she's probably watching.
She's everywhere.
Yeah.
So what do you need to say?
I'm sorry.
I guess that's
pretty long overdue.
I just didn't really have
the courage before now.
But I'm not gonna make excuses.
I...
That night that we. uh...
Yeah.
Look. what I did.
what I said. it was wrong.
and I'm sorry.
You didn't deserve that.
I was a dick.
Wow.
Um...
Thank you.
I appreciate it
because you were a dick.
But I should've asked
more questions.
I knew something was up.
So. I'm sorry too.
You needed a friend.
not a quickie.
I would take a friend. though.
You got it.
You're such a nerd.
- Hey.
- Hi!
So. uh. last night...
Was fun and spontaneous.
Absolutely. uh.
and I think that we should
talk about it.
Sure!
Okay.
Okay. so we. um...
- Had sex.
- Yes.
And. uh...
What does that mean?
It means that we had sex.
Right. Right. right.
But... but what does that...
what does that mean?
Like. um. like. are we dating?
Uh. are you my girlfriend?
- Uh...
- Do we talk about it?
Do you not want
to talk about it?
Okay. okay. okay.
you are so cute.
Okay. first of all.
we can talk about everything
and anything. okay?
And. secondly. I think
that you might be panicking
a little.
We had sex last night
and it doesn't have to be
anything more than that.
- It doesn't?
- No.
Two people can find each other
attractive and just have sex.
I mean. do you want
a relationship?
No. I don't. actually.
Okay. so are we
just friends. then?
Absolutely.
And we can be
whatever we want to be.
Does that work for you?
Yes. that works for me.
I still really need a tutor.
though.
Yeah. you do really need
a tutor.
Okay. where are you at today?
Oh my God. not much further
than I was last time.
What is this?
You know. you don't
have to knock every time.
I wasn't really sure
if I was gonna go in.
Well. you showed up.
so that's a good start.
- Is it?
- Do you want to hang out here.
or you can follow me in?
I'll pretend not to notice.
I guess I can keep
the back row warm.
You're very kind.
Here we have
your premium back row seat.
Hey. how's it going? Thank you.
Hello. everyone.
Thank you so much
for coming tonight.
Would anyone like
to start us off?
I would.
Awesome. Please do.
Should I stand up?
You can do whatever you want.
Okay.
Um...
So I'm Erin.
And. uh...
This is all very new for me.
I guess I've never
really allowed myself
to feel these feelings before...
until I met this person
that shifted my entire outlook
on the world
and on everything.
I tried really hard to bury it.
but I just haven't been able
to keep ignoring it.
I tried so hard to not.
you know. to not be...
You know...
God. I'm scared.
I'm so fucking scared.
And I just haven't been able
to even say the words or...
or be able to even really
let myself be this way.
And I just can't
do this anymore.
And...
I've never been able
to admit this. but I just...
God. I feel like
I'm suffocating.
I feel like I can't breathe...
like I can't keep up
this lie anymore. and...
I think this is it.
I think this is it. I think
this is my coming out story.
Right now.
So. I. uh...
can't keep
doing this anymore.
so I'm gonna... I'm gonna
finally say this.
I'm gay.
Do you have a Jack?
Read 'em and weep.
motherfuckers.
I win again.
I think you're making up
the rules.
It's bullshit.
Hey. y'all should be
used to it by now.
I win every time.
I live in hope.
Hey. get me more beer. please.
Beer. yes. definitely.
So. any more sexy time
rendezvous with Billie lately?
Maybe.
No. you know. this is actually
a really cool feeling.
not being heartbroken.
no obligations.
not worrying about Erin.
I think I finally feel
like myself. you know.
like who I'm supposed to be.
Does that make sense?
Yeah. it makes a lot of sense.
I'm happy for you.
- All right. there you go.
- Yes.
Wait. that's yours.
I don't trust you.
I want that one.
- No.
- What do you mean?
You did something. I know it.
Cheers. cheers.
Drink your own spit.
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I needed to talk to you.
Wow. well. you could call me.
I needed to see you as well.
What's going on. Erin?
It's late.
I missed you.
Mm. okay.
Are you drunk?
Okay. come on. Come on.
Okay. what's up?
No. no. no. no.
No.
Just listen to me
for a minute. please.
'cause there's something
that I need to say.
Okay.
I've been thinking and learning
a lot about myself.
and I came here tonight
because...
because.
because I needed
to tell you something.
I needed to tell you
that I figured it out.
Figured what out?
That I can't hide anymore.
I can't hide who I am.
I came out today
to complete strangers
and it felt really good.
I realized that this entire time
I thought that I was afraid
of you and of us.
but really.
I was just afraid of things
that I couldn't control.
So I'm ready. I'm ready.
I'm ready for... for us.
I'm ready for you to give me
all the things
you wanted to give me.
I'm ready for you to love me.
Wow.
Um. that took a lot.
I know that.
But you can't expect
that we can just pick up
like nothing happened.
No. I know. I know. I. um.
I was really selfish and unfair.
and I'm so sorry.
And if you'll just. uh.
if you'll just let me
prove to you that I...
Erin. I'm not looking
for an apology. okay?
And I'm not saying this
to try and punish you.
I'm genuinely happy for you.
Okay.
So give me another chance.
No. it's... it's not about
giving you another chance.
Okay. then what is it?
What is it about?
It's been months. Erin.
You haven't spoken to me
in months.
Okay?
A lot has changed.
But you still love me. right?
This is what you wanted!
I am giving you what you wanted.
No. I wanted you to be yourself.
For you.
You've taken this amazing step.
But you need to do it for you.
not because you think
it's what I want.
I mean. I'm not the one
who suffers here.
If you can't accept yourself...
I've been down that road.
I'm not...
I can't do that again.
I don't understand.
I thought that you'd be happy.
I thought that you would be...
Waiting for you?
Oh my God.
I can't breathe.
I don't know what to do.
I...
I need you. I can't do this
without you.
I don't know how to do this
It's okay.
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
Good morning.
Did you sleep on the couch?
Yeah.
Thanks.
How are you?
Embarrassed.
Sad.
Mostly embarrassed. yup.
Yeah.
That was. um...
Um...
I'm sorry.
Coming over like that
last night. it was shitty.
And. um. do you think that
maybe we could try and have
that conversation again?
Um...
Erin...
You may have been drunk
and upset. but...
my words aren't gonna change.
I will never forget...
that you're the first person
that I ever loved...
and you're the first woman
I ever slept with.
But...
I need to move forward.
What we had. it was...
intense and terrifying...
and unhealthy.
And...
And perhaps maybe you think
you need to be with me
because I was your first.
but it doesn't need
to be that way.
it doesn't need to be
all or nothing
or painful or dramatic.
I think. for me.
I need stability...
I need to explore.
and I need to learn who I am.
And...
I just...
I just don't...
I just don't think
that I could do that with you.
I'm sorry.
I know that you wanted this
to go a different way.
No. I. uh. I get it. yeah.
But. um...
Maybe one day?
Maybe one day.
But not now.
Right.
We're going to be okay.
Okay?
You are gonna be okay.
Hey. Jule.
Do you think
we can meet up later?
There's something
I want to tell you.